No, in that, so many dimensions have been shown. I am
SHE knows Yantra Vidya, Tantra Vidya, Yagnya Vidya.
SHE knows Adhyatma Vidya. SHE has mentioned all the qualities of DEVI.
There is not even one such quality in these gurus, not even one!
Except Economics, they don't know anything.
They are modern gurus.
SY: How do they establish themselves even for a short period?
Shri Mataji: Don't know! You people only establish them.
If we observe, they are actually pocket mars.
You people only establish them. What can I do?
Can't understand anything!
SY: They are numbered in lakhs.
Shri Mataji: They are in lakhs.
Recently some had come.
There were some diggers. They didn't dig anyone in Delhi!
I said
as they say when jackal's death awaits him, he goes towards city.
I said, he has exactly come out towards the city.
Now let him jump.
He has accumulated crores of rupees.
Now you sing a song.
Music............ I have written a new song for New Year.
Shri Mataji to a SY: See he (singer) has become a spontaneous poet .
He has become a great spontaneous poet.
Singer: But i am not writing anything.
Singer: You make me to write.
Shri Mataji," Go on writing."
Van Pyar Jag Mag karta Hai Sansar, Aao Aao Re
Saare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re
Aaya Deepon Ka Tyohaar (2)
Paaya  Maa Se Pawan Pyaar (2)
Jag Mag karta hai Sansar (2)
Aao Aao Re, Saare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re
Saare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re
Aao Maa Ka Darshan Pao (2)
Singer: Sing together
Aa Ke Shradha Suman Chadhaao (2)
Saa Re Shri Charnon Ke Das (2)
Rakho Mata Par Vishwas (2)
Puri Hogi Sab Ki Aaas
Aao Aao Re
Sare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re (2)
Music ......Clap
Wo Dil Dilli Ka Muskaya
Dil Dilli Ka Muskaya
Jagey Bhagya Ye Shubh Din Aaya
O Jagey Bhagya Ye Shubh Din Aaya
O Dil Dilli Ka Muskaya (2)
O Jagey Bhagya Ye Shubh Din Aaya (2)
How?
Dharan Kar Sahaj Yogion Ka Vesh (2)
Magan Hai Bhakti Mein Mera Desh (2)
Dharam Mein Leen Hai Jo Darmesh
Aao Aao Re Sare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re.
Aaya Deepon Ka Tyohaar (2)
Paya Maa Se Pawan Pyar(2)
Jag Mag karta Hai Sansar (2)
Aao Aao Re
Sare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re (2)
Music
And now MATA has come to Delhi
and our desire, our request at the Lotus feet of MATA is that
the whole of Bharat Bhoomi may be blessed.
How?
O MATA Ayee To Jaagi Aasha, MATA Ayee To Jaagi Aasha
Raa Jender Ki Ye Abhi Lasha (2)
Bane Sab Bharat Wassi Nake (2)
Anekon Ho Kar Bhi Ho Ek (2)
Badal Dein Ham Kismat Ka Lekh
Aao Aao Re, Sare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re
Sare Hil Mil Ke Sare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re
Aaya Deepon Ka Tyohar,  Paaya Maa Se Pawan Pyaar
Jag Mag karta Hai Sansar
Aao Aao Re
Sare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re (4)
Hooooooooo, Ooooooooooooo, Naya Varsha Aaya , Nayi Bhor Laaya.
Nayee Aas Jaagi
Hriday Mus Kuraaya
Aaya Deepon Ka Tyohar (2), Paaya Maa Se Pawan Pyaar(2)
Jag Mag karta Hai Sansar, Aao Aao Re
Sare Hil Mil Ke Swagat Gao Re (3)
Clapping
How great!
S.Y: Very Good!
Shri Mataji: Call Mrs. Venu Gopalan also in the front.
The elder one has never come. Come!
SY: Please Come Mrs. Venu Gopalan!
Shri Mataji: She is a very good singer.
All these Singers sitting here are one better than the other.
SY: Will you keep it in the front? (Telling to some other SY)
In the front
Then only if you consider, that's right.
Shri Mataji: You also sing a song, let them too sing a song
and then you too sing a song.
SY: ( to some SY) Put it this side.
Shri Mataji: The thing is, he is a composer.
Composer and a singer with it from his heart
just makes the whole thing is, ( that ) vibrates.
That is the main thing.
Music
Shri Mataji: You sing only on one, only one.
Shri Mataji: Now it is there.
Music
Om Twamewa Sakhshat Shri Ganesh Gauri Mata
Sakhshat Shri Adi Shakti Mata Shri Mats Nirmala Devi Namo Namaha
Ek Dantam Maha Kayam Lambo Daram Gaja Nanam
Vighna Nash Kam, Devam Hairram Bham,
Pranava Uham, Shri Ganesh Gauri Maata
Matta Shri Mats Nirmala Devi Namo Namaha
Lambo Darray Laghu Nitnay (2) Ambha Sutay Amar Vintaaya
Lambo Darray Laghu Nityanay, Amba Sutay Amar Vintaay
Lambo Darray Laghu Nitnay, Ambha Sutay Amar Vintaay
Shri Gan Dattayaaaaaaaaaaaaa Shri Gan Dattay
Sindura Varnay, Karuna Sagaray, Ravi Varday
Sri Gan Nathay (6)
Sinduraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Sinduraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Sindura Varnaay
Karuna Sagray, Garivarday, Lambodarayaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Modak Priyay Muskak Wahnay (2)
Mangal Daykay Sidhi Vinayk,  Modak Priyay Muskak Wahnay
Mangal Daykay, Siddhi Vinayak, Lambodaraya
Lambo Darrayaaaaaaaaaaa Lambo Darrayaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa(2)
Ek DanTaya, Prassana Vadnaya (2)
Advaita Purnaya, Mushak  Vahnaya, Lambo Darraya
Lambo Darrayaaaaa, Lambo Darrayaaaaaaaaaaa, Lambo Darrayaaaaaaaaa
Laghu Mijray, Ambha Sutay, Amar Vinutaay
Lambo Darrayaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Jai Jai Bhawani, Jai jai Shiwani, Nirmal Mata Jai Devi (3)
Jai Maha Laxmi Nirmal Maa (2)
Jai Maha Saraswati Nirmal Maa (2)
Jai Maha Kali Nirmal Maa (2)
Jai Jai Bhawani, Jai Jai Shiwani, Nirmal Mata Jai Devi (2)
Mangal Dayani Nirmal Maa (2)
Vidya Dayani Nirmal Maa (2)
Shakti Dayani Nirmal Maa (2)
Jai Jai Bhawani, Jai Jai Shiwani, Nirmal Mata Jai Devi (2)
Jaghit Karani Nirmal Maa (2)
Jag Do Dharini Nirmal Maa (2)
Jai Maha Laxmi Nirmal Maa (2)
Jai Jai Bhawani, Jai jai Shiwani, Nirmal Mata Jai Devi (2)
Bhuvan Mohini Nirmal Maa
Jag Do Dharini Nirmal Maa
Jaghit Karani Nirmal Maa (2)
Jai Jai Bhawani, Jai jai Shiwani, Nirmal Mata Jai Devi (2)
Nirmal Mata Jai Devi (4)
Nirmal Mata Jai Devi (2)
(UNCLEAR)
Pratyakhsha Mateshwari (UNCLEAR)
Pavan Kari, Kashi Puran Ishwari, Bikhsham Dehi, Bikhsham Dehi
Nirmala Mateshwari, He Nirmala Pita, Nirmala Mata Jag Mohini
Clapping
Shri Mataji: May God Bless You! May God bless You!
Shri Mataji (to Another Singer): Yes, Sing a song.
Sada Muskao Jeevan Mein (2)
Yahi Ashish Hai Maa Ka (2)
Sada Muskao Jeevan Mein
Bahe Sukh Shanti Ki Dhara (2)
Wahi Mam Tatwa Layee Hai
Bahe Sukh Shanti Ki Dhara , Wahi Mam Tatwa Layee Hai
Hriday Anand Hai Chaaya (2)
Pujya Mataji Ayee Hain
Music
Chalaooooooooooooooo
Chalo Ik Chand Mein Bandh Kar
Sunayein Geet Swagat Kay (2)
singer: Clap for one verse (Chand)
Shri Mataji: Clap like this.
Clap like this and will get it.
See Kawaal Clap like this.
Chalo Ik Chand Mein Bas Kar, Bajayein Talliyan Milkar
Chalo Ik Chand Mein Bas Kar,
Sunayein Geet Swagat Kay (2)
Bahaati Dhaar Nirmal ki
Bahaati Neer Nirmal Ka
Maat Nirmal Kahayee Hai
Maat Nirmal Kahan Aayee Hai
Hriday Anand Hai Chaaya, Pujya Mataji Aayee Hain
Clap
Swayam Kooooooooooooooo
Swayam Ko Janna Nay Ka Path Sahaj Yey Yog Dikh Laata
Swayam Ko Janna Ney Ka Path Sahaj Yey Yog Dikh Laata
Sahaj Yey Yog Dikh Laata
Sahaj Yogi Bano (2)
Maata Yahee Sandesh Laayee Hai
Sahaj Yogi Bano, Maata Yahee Sandesh Laayee Hai
Hriday Anand Bhar Bolo, Badhaayee Hai Badhaayee Hai (4)
Very Good!
Bolo Adi Shakti Nirmala Maata Ki Jai!
Shri Mataji: Great!
Singer: Jai Kara is too short. Let it be Punjabi Jai Kara.
Bolo Adi Shakti Nirmala Mataji Ki Jaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Laughter
Singer: One Jai Kara we will make
Bolo Adi Shakti Nirmala Mataji Ki Jaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
SY: Who will take out such a long breathe?
Singer: Take out your breathe to say Jai for Maa
The breath that Mother has given, keep it on.
Maa gives you breathe, Maa will give you breathe.
You try it and see how far your breath will go
Shri Mataji: Good!
Singer: Say, Adi Shakti Nirmala Mata Ji ki Jaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Shri Mataji: it went on for a pretty long time.
Everybody laughs.
Shri Mataji: You see one thing is there
that Your Sahastrara opens when you clap.
Check it with your hands, because the whole Sahastrara opens
Vibrations improve absolutely.
This is the benefit of clapping
See, immediately the Sahastrara opens.
Sahastrara is in our hands and feet.
But here (Shri Mataji shows on HER palms) when you clap
You are hitting your chakras
Actually, when we clap like this ( Shri Mataji shows on HER palms)
Chakras are surely hit by chakras
Immediately, this Sahastrara opens.
Specially for void
A person who has problem of void,
or have been harmed by some Gurus
should clap their hands rigorously in kawaali
and those who used to be kawaals, used to sing in praise of Gods
For example bhajans, but now they have changed the format of Kawaalis
Earlier ladies would not sing at all
and even if they would sing, they would sing collectively
But now the format of Kawaali is absolutely vulgar
This is not the real format of kawaali.
Amir Khusro Sahib introduced Kawaali.
Amir Khusro Sahab. He was the disciple of Aulia Nizzamudin.
And he in his daily language and daily life
introduced poetry in such a way
For example, Babul Mera Naihar Chuto Jaye,
It has all been written by him.
In daily songs, marriages and all other functions
he has written about Gods in such a way that it cannot be understood
but a person sings in appreciation of Gods.
Very Beautiful! He introduced it.
He introduced that by hitting all it will be okay
He introduced Kawaali.
And it used to be first at their Dargah (Shrine ).
and then at Chishti's
And today a great Kawaal had come there
Most probably named Nusrat Hussain Sahab from Pakistan
As soon as he saw ME, he said, "Mother How are you here?"
In the midst of all he said,"Mother, please sit in the front."
He took ME and made ME to sit in the front seat and started singing.
And said, "Today i am singing in my true form
as you are sitting in front of me."
You see he doesn't even know anything about ME
But he is his disciple.
At Aulia Nizzamudin Sahab's Dargah also
the earning hands reached there too.
In the beginning I said nothing.
I told somebody that this Nizzam Sahab was a self realised soul.
Some people went there
And since that day they started offering money.
His relatives started collecting money there.
Oh! you are sitting at their door, collect something else as well.
He is collecting  the same thing.
Here Nizzamuddin Sahiba
And Chishtis also, they were all Awllias.
And Awlia is the same, who is called Peer
or what we call realized souls.
It is one and the same thing.
There is no difference in that.
It is only we who quarrel unnecessarily.
Let them do
As many heads they break, is good because it is a nuisance.
Those who are fools, let them break their heads
Later they will all come to their senses.
S.Y: Same thing is going on in Punjab.
Shri Mataji: They are all fools.
Now just tell, Nanak Sahab, He only was Muhammad Sahab
All of them said one thing only
Mohammad Sahab thought that now they have started fighting
as He had come as Nanak Sahab
Worked so hard, did everything
and now see what a show is going on.
They will come to senses.
It is necessary for them to learn a lesson, I think.
Unless fanaticism doesn't get exposed openly
till then it will not be visible.
Hindus must observe it, Muslims must observe it
Sikhs must observe, what a foolishness it is.
They will understand only when they will observe it.
Otherwise, the Rakhshasas will not be visible
and will thrive deep inside
So, what is called starking in the front
It is existing in the forefront
How much foolishness is it!
Where have we landed in the name of religion?
Is it a religion?
Is it God?
One who is the Giver
One who is God Rahim, is Ram, how can He be like that?
There is no comparison between Nanak Sahab and these people.
Among Hindus also there is too much of cruelty
That is why recently
I used MY TEEKA ASTRA (weapon to criticize openly) for the Brahmins.
(UNClEAR)
felt that I was sitting in the slums of Brahmins.
(UNCLEAR)
You have created such a mockery of God's images
have ways and means of earning money.
But now it has its somewhat effect on the people.
It is showing its effect.
It will have to be said!
Otherwise how will Dharma be established?
We have established Vishwa Dharma
all the dharmas will merge into that.
Because all this is Adharam in the name of Dharma.
It is bad name of God.
Whosoever sees it feels what a foolishness it is!
That is why many people have no faith in God.
The same thing happened in Algeria
There the people saw that they are fundamentalists
They are forcing they are very cruel, they are killing everyone
Iraq is killing Iran and vice versa.
They thought that communism is better.
Five hundred people took to communism.
Out of them got influenced by us in London.
He said, God exists, Communism is telling lies.
We have not to be scared of any fundamentalism.
We are standing on our own ideals.
Five hundred people got their realization
came by aeroplane and got their realization.
It will be like that only
Many Sikhs are also there. Many Sikhs had come to Birmingham
They still come here.
Everybody will come to senses.
They see what is it!
Where are they unnecessarily jumping into the sea?
When the talk is going on about God
one should rise towards sky.
All are jumping into the sea
fighting amongst themselves
Is it a joke?
I mean to say the way they are getting agitated like this
and especially those who are
Sikhs, like Maharashtrians
they are in Maharashtra.
They got scared
that they will kill us too.
They are already killing them, they will kill us too.
But now they will be alright.
Let them be sensible.
They have become too much fanatics.
There is a need to be sensible.
Everybody needs to be sensible.
They will be better now.
For some time let them get punished.
No body dies.
Nobody is going to die.
You give up this worry.
This should happen to show it to the world
so that it becomes clear.
Just now I read in the newspaper
a Sikh has been arrested.
He says that all these Sikhs do smuggling.
Binderwallas smuggle drugs.
and i do this work to catch hold of them.
You see, they have been arrested.
Those who talk about God
talk about temples
talk about mosques
what concern they have with smuggling.
It is just a contrast
One is darkness
the other is light.
Both these can never be together.
Can't understand how do people accept it.
This is the situation.
But it is so!
Not only this,
all those who are great Popes
Popes and
others like maphia
Maphia and Pope are just one with each other, do you know?
and they have got one bank
and all these owners of Switzerland banks are great thieves.
Have collected the unauthorized money all over the world
and you will be surprised
the place where our programme was organized
in Calvinist church
just in front of that was the bank
and they were arrested there only.
There only all the three were arrested.
All of them very fraudulent
Maphia, pope and swiss bank
all the three in competition.
most fraudulent had collected and created a problem
are getting exposed, they are getting exposed.
This is the best way now a days
that let all be exposed
and come to an end with that.
In these swiss banks
the money is of the fraudulent of all over the world
roam all over the world with a red cross.
It has the money of people all over the world.
How should such people be recognized?
The question is that these people have settled themselves all over.
And who are these people?
They are from masonic lodge.
They are mesons.
Those who were secretive earlier, they are those thieves.
They thought if you have to steal, better steal something worthwhile.
By secretly participating in masonic lodge
they became secretives
and by mutual help ruined Swiss bank.
This is the situation.
In such a world
if they have to establish Sahajyoga then
with a great effort, set its foundation deep
first settle down their mutual differences and come up.
The greatest thing is to put an end to their mutual differences
have to spread Sahajyoga
all have to do it collectively.
It is not possible without that.
It cannot be done without joint efforts.
We can win only by collective efforts and by nothing else.
Only with the collective efforts we can win over such things.
They are all alone everywhere.
But how can we win is by collectivity.
And in Delhi there is a great need of the growth of collectivity.
Here everyone is Prime Minister of India.
That is a great problem.
But it is good that now a days bhoots are after the Prime Minister.
They will be after you too.
Shri Mataji laughs
If you think that you are Prime Minister
you will have to walk with four Aides.
Singer: We will proceed with Mother
Shri Mataji: Yes, it is so!
Shri Mataji: yes, now you sing one more song.
Singer: A sahajyogi proceeds forward with Mother's energy
Doesn't have to be a Prime Minister.
That is what I am telling.
By being in such a falsehood, it is not possible to move smoothly.
By living in simplicity kundalini has no problem.
There should be no crookery in any case
But you see what type of crooks are in the world?
They are dependent on God.
If anyone follows Sahajyoga, then he settles down.
I am not the responsible for that. You are responsible for that.
If you yourself want to go to filth, what can I do?
How long can we stop them?
You take your decision, where to go?
You take decision on the New Year's Day
that we have to follow Sahajyoga only.
We have to follow Sahaj yoga.
What is the meaning of ''Sahaj mein uttarna hai''?
After acquiring your own power
knowing your own glorious tales you have to move forward.
What is so great about it?
Tell ME what is the other way apart from Sahaj?
The rest are all misleading routes.
I can't see any other route.
The path which is going to give you everything is SAHAJ MARG
Then follow that. Leave everything else.
That is why I said there is no need to fast.
Fasted on Karwa Choth
They were ladies of U.P
Are the rest of the ladies bad those who do not keep this fast?
For the time being told her not to keep fast.
They vomitted so much
that next day they stood in front of ME, holding their ears
I asked them,"What happened?"
They said," Mother by mistake we observed the
fast of KARWACHOTH yesterday and fell sick."
I said,"You see I didn't make you fall sick.
I had beforehand told you not to keep the fast on KARWACHOTH."
They said earlier they would not have it like this.
I said, "Earlier you had caught hold of snake in ignorance.
Now don't hold it when you have knowledge."
If you want to fast, do it there is no problem.
But don't do it in the name of God.
You don't gain any thing by defaming HIM.
HE is giving you everything
Even then you want to fast, do so.
So, whatever Mother says
even though you may feel it strange
but try to understand that this is the truth.
This has been going on for the past so many years.
It has no meaning.
If there has been any foolishness going on for the past so many years
are you still going to do this foolishness?
Has it helped you in any way?
Another thing is
as I was telling Dr. Sahab
Everybody says, It has never been so earlier.
If it has not been so, but it will be so someday.
It will take place some day.
Whenever it will take place
it will be said that it didn't happen earlier.
Should it take place just after its birth?
Should it take place just after the world creation?
Such type of arguments go on like this.
Because of that If a person wants to run away from Sahaj yoga
the door is open for him but he who wants to sit
there is a a seat reserved for him.
All of you settle down.
I want all of you to settle down perfectly in Sahajyoga.
This is the first thing. Everything happens later on.
and settle down people.
As you said: Maa you came in the form of flame.
What will flame do single handed?
Many flames are required.
We need many flames from one flame.
Only then there will be light.
Had it been possible by ME alone
Why would I have requested you people to settle down?
One who prays to God for the betterment, move ahead smoothly
You only are on the stage, not I
You are on the stage. The world is watching you.
Understand that the world is watching you, not to ME.
They have taken that out, saying that this is Devi.
I cannot be Devi.
The point is that they have made a Devi
Rest you handle.
Delhiites are otherwise also sitting on the stage on their own.
on the throne
Bakasurs are sitting on the stage.
They are sitting in the gallery.
You are sitting on the threshold of God
You sit there. People will watch you only.
People sitting on the threshold
will watch what are people living in Delhi doing?.
It is a great responsibility.
There is a great responsibility on people living in Delhi.
What do you have to say?
Lekhak ji (writer) Yes, say!
Yes, write down
(UNCLEAR)
It is the best
Deepa didn't come today?
She is in Dharmshala
Shri Mataji: She is in Dharamshala.
S.Y: She is much better.
Yes, you come!
Open it.
Fix it at bottom.
music
Shri Mataji to the singer: Your face has changed.
Singer: Everything has wholly changed.
Shri Mataji to a Sahajyogi: Just see! his face, saintly!
Musician: Yesterday there was a great miracle.
People have defamed me. Tomorrow i will tell on the stage.
Rashtrapati has given me in written, result and certificate (UNCLEAR)
I got President's award, people talked all nonsense.
They are talking like that. They cannot defame MOTHER'S son.
Namastestu Maha Maye Shri Peethe Sur Pujyite
Shankh Chakra Gadda Haste, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Namaste Garuda Rudhe, Kaya Sur Bhayankari
Sarva Pap Hare Devi ,  Maha Laxmi Namostute
Sarvagnye Sarva Varde, Sarva Dusht Bhayankari
Sarva Dukh Hare Devi, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Siddhi Buddhi Prade Devi, Bhukti Mukhti Pradayani
Mantra Murte Sada Devi, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Adhyantar Hite Devi, Adyashakti Maheshwari
Yog Dey Yog Sambhute, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Sthul Sukhshma Maha Raudre, Maha Shakti Maho Dare
Maha Pap Hare Devi, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Padmasan Sthite Devi, Parabrahma Swarupini
Parameshi Jagan Matah, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Shwetambar Dhare Devi, Nana Alankar Bhushite
Jagat Sthite Jagan Matah, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Mahalaxam Sakam Stotram, Yeh Pathed Bhakti Mannarah
Sarva Siddhi Mavapnoti, Radyam Prapnoti Sarvada
Ek Kalam Pathey Nityam, Maha Pap Vinashnam
Dwi Kalam Yah Pathey Nityam, Dhan Dhanya Samanvitah
Tri Kalam  Yah Pathey Nityam, Maha Shatru Vinashnam
Maha Laxmi Bhavay Nityam, Prasanna Varda Shubha
Namastestu Maha Maye, Shri Peethe Sur Pujyite
Shankh Chakra Gadda Haste, Maha Laxmi Namostute
Maha Laxmi Namostute
Shri Mataji: Beautiful! You people have started singing in Sanskrit
It is great!
Don't become Pandits now. It is really great!
Actually, voice is vibrating.
Because of the vibrations, it is cooling.
When you sing you feel vibrates, your voice reverberates.
The same is the case with him too.
When he had sung earlier it was not so
but since he is in (Sahaj) his voice vibrates.
It is like a echo
It is called PRATISATH in Sanskrit.
Beautiful! He is doing so great!
Such pronunciation of Sanskrit
I have not heard such pure pronunciation among Punjabis.
I am telling you the truth.
I too have studied in Punjab.
The language of that place is such
And even Hindi speaking people pronounce SPASHT as ASPASHAT
But I have never heard such pure pronunciation in Sanskrit language.
I am telling you the truth. It is great!
It is great! It should be so.
S.Y: Basically, Mother it is the effort of Rajesh.
He has started after coming here only.
(UNCLEAR)
Shri Mataji: Look at Rajesh as well!
Now a days he is studying Gyaneshwari.
S.Y: He is the one who started (UNCLEAR) Last time when he came,
Rustam and he came that was the day this whole started.
Shri Mataji: Oh! Really!
S.Y: About a week ago.
Then started Sanskrit. Rustam didn't know DEVNAGRI LIPI(script)
Can you imagine?
He didn't know Devnagri.
He never studied Devnagri. He studied in English school
then stayed in England.
He didn't know Devnagri.
He studied Sanskrit
and is writing MY names in Sanskrit.
He has already written one thousand names.
S.Y: Has Rustam written?
Shri Mataji: Yes, He has written one thousand names.
S.Y: He is a Sanskrit scholar.
Shri Mataji: He has become a Sanskrit scholar
S.Y: And very inspired.
Shri Mataji: Yes, even Gregoire!
Gregoire has become a Sanskrit scholar.
Absolutely Sanskrit scholar.
How does the result of Sahajyoga come out?
Because one who doesn't know even Devnagri
Gregoire never not even Hindi words
It is worth noticing, how beautifully he writes!
One who didn't know even A,AA,I,EE (Devnagri Script)
How did it happen?
Our Babba doesn't know Urdu at all.
I still know a little bit of it.
not even a little bit of Urdu.
But the poetry he has done in Urdu
You listen to him.
MY brother, he is a Chartered accountant.
He didn't know even the name of poetry, what is poetry
He was just like a stone hearted in this field.
He writes (Poetry) so beautifully, so marvelous.
(UNCLEAR)
He has started writing very deep (poetry)
He has named himself 'Dilosh'
means NIRMAL
named himself, very good (poetry) he writes.
MY brother himself wonders, where do YOU get these words from?
says: i don't know.
says I give him.
I said some words I too don't know.
How does one know? It is so great!
He has started writing very nicely.
It is so surprising how. How does one bloom?
(UNCLEAR) poetry I never expected from him.
He is a Chartered accountant.
Except Math and counting he has heard no other sound.
I don't know from where he got this thing.
And says, i go on writing.
Now he is writing in Marathi.
His Marathi language was so weak, that I used to write his essays.
He is writing in Marathi.
He is writing in Hindi, but out of all, the best he writes in Urdu.
[ SHERO SHAYIRI ] poet's expression in poetic manner
and there are no rhyming words at all.
It should be said that there is actual poetry in him.
Actual poetry!
There is nothing useless
Nothing useless!
Do you see this MILAN KI SHAYIRI (poetry of union) we have got?
The earlier poetry was all about gloominess
VIRAH KI SHAYIRI [poetry of separation]
Now it is poetry of union.
You set it in his song
There are so many
but they were not so popular.
S.Y: It is coming right from the heart.
He is writing right from the heart.
Shri Mataji saying about HER brother:
It is remarkable for him to write poetry.
I know he is conditioning poetry very well.
Because of Marathi he had little difficulty
I used to sit with him to teach him poetry.
I would tell him that by telling you, I will lose my poetry.
It doesn't enter even your head.
He would ask: Why do they write?
Why don't they write in a straight forward manner?
writing about moon and this and that in a twisted manner
it is better to say
it seems (UNCLEAR)
When he was young
when he was in Matric
(UNCLEAR)
Would say why did they need to write all this?
It has caused my headache.
If one has to learn this Marathi language
it is a great headache.
I would tell him don't learn Marathi
He would say it is compulsory, what to do?
Such was his condition.
In Marathi he would just pass or fail.
He is good at Mathematics.
But I could not understand
from where this new flower has bloomed.
It happened like this that somewhere
you can say for example that a lotus has bloomed out of a rose
(UNCLEAR)
It is like that, can't understand anything
But it means, what an unusual, strange and
an unprecedented event is going on.
but like this something must come out of everybody.
some miracles should take place, then it will be recognized.
He (singer) is also saying that he will tell some miracle
A great miracle he has come across.
S.Y: Yes, really!
Shri Mataji: What you are saying
the reason for that is only that you are NISHKALANK (pure)
Nobody can disgrace you!
If somebody tries, he cannot disgrace you.
Nobody can disgrace you, even a little bit
Even if you think that this person is disgracing you
You will see that this disgrace will be on his face.
In Illustrated Weekly Rajneesh sent a woman
bribed her, to interview ME.
and made a third Muslim lady to write
and in that some wrong statements were
that SHE is such
HER ways are such that SHE mesmerizes. All nonsense.
My husband got very angry.
Especially, my brother took a dagger.
Both of them said, "Now we have to drag them to the court."
I told them, I am not going to the court.
If you want to put up a case, you go, I am not going to the court.
(UNCLEAR)
I asked them what will you do?
There in London people told them
that they should put up a case for ten lakhs.
I said, " I won't go to the court."
You do whatever you want to do.
It is not going to pay you any dividend.
I made them to understand a lot.
I told Rajesh to talk to them.
Tell them to ask for forgiveness
so that this matter will be over.
I don't like this court business.
When nobody came to any agreement
The Illustrated Weekly came to closure for six months.
And they had a loss in terms of Crores.
Then their employees went on a strike.
Then they sent a message.
They are saying why you had written against our Mataji
we will go on strike.
I said that they have written long back.
Why are you going on a strike now?
Already they have been punished
But they won't change.
You have to set right first of all, newspaper agencies.
Now you tell ME what is the need to write what Rajneesh is saying?
Now a days it is Ravan UVACHA (what did Ravana say?)
S.Y: That is a fact.
Shri Mataji: This is the Geeta of modern times.
What useless he is talking?
They get a lot of pleasure by publishing it.
Don't know why?
And now a days he is in Goa.
Now a days we can see some more people.
As bed bugs multiply
so can be seen two to four such people in Poona.
They will all be taken into account.
They will surely reach Poona.
Poona!
They are coming out at wrong place.
All this
Their techniques are like
it appears to be like a group
They help each other.
We too should have our strong group.
Question doesn't arise that anybody can touch you!
We should live like this.
We are all one.
We should have one aim.
We should know this aim.
Then you will enjoy your dividends yourself.
But when we don't know that aim, we face problems.
We have come to Delhi.
We have to do something or the other here.
It is New Year!
You do whatever you desire.
In the evening we have pujan
We will see then.
But all these desires should be for the betterment of everyone.
Not for yourself, I take care of you.
There is no worry about you. It should for everyone.
It should be for the group.
It should be for others.
Not for yourself.
You for yourself have (surrendered to ME)
You said that you have surrendered yourself to ME
I am already managing you.
You have to take care of the whole world.
Specially, We have to take care of Delhi.
Is it okay!